I have no responsibility
military operations, but they were global military operations, right?
Every country had exactly the same narrative.
I was fortunate to be able to travel during COVID because I had natural immunity.
Having had it for two days, I took ivermectin, I was fine.
And so I saw, you know, two meters, masks, you know, be afraid, stay at home, lockdown, you know, schools closed, businesses tanked.
All of that was on a global basis.
Stop lying!
He lied to me.
I'm pretty convinced that I got used early on.
in promoting the false narratives around this.
And it pissed me off pretty good.
And things like when I raised with Michael that it looked like this.
I was doing sequence analysis like starting January 10th of 2020.
And I raised with Michael this looked like it was an engineered pathogen.
And his comment was,
you know, straight out.
These guys are really good at lying.
You've got to understand, if you're dealing with anybody in the intelligence community that are operatives, they are trained liars.
and train psychological manipulators.
That's what they do, the field agents.
Do you think you can pick one out now?
I mean, someone said to me, Del, you've got to be surrounded by agents at this point.
People around you, people you're talking to.
It's highly probable.
The work that you do, you've just got Bob and Kennedy, you know, no one wants them.
That your cell phone and your data infrastructure are compromised.
Yeah.
With things like Pegasus 2, which you can't track.
I've had people that we both know that when Jill and I turned in our old cell phones and got new ones, suddenly they came out of the woodwork and really wanted to interact with me and wanted me to answer their emails.
Well, that's when you get a ping and then you respond, that's how Pegasus 2 gets loaded in.
and they've gradually gone away.
These people are absolutely out there.
And anybody that's in our space, you kind of have to assume that you are interacting with them at one point or another, usually surreptitiously.
So these are the chaos agents, and they're the ones that they so, so want to work with you.
and collaborate with you and, and you, you know, you're like how brilliant you are.
Precisely.
Yeah, absolutely.
Um, you know, it's not just, uh, the honey trap, um, with the short skirt, there's all kinds of ways to gain the confidence of somebody and flattery is one of them.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and a whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent
have each one of you is going to get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of DRASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
Particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in uncovering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others in the management of the pandemic and also the long history of what we call gain-of-function science.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Testing one, two, test.
Good morning, everybody.
Good to see you.
30th of June, 2025.
GigaOM Biological, welcome to the show.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
One slider, two low, and you blow it for the whole show.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological, where we stay focused on the biology, we don't take their bait on social media, and we love our neighbors.
Great to see you.
I hope I caught you somewhere happy on a Monday, having had a long, hot weekend, perhaps.
This is a long-standing warning to get off of social media, and most importantly, to try and get your children off of social media, your
your children.
We will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
We will not call autism.
Okay, Brian.
Seriously, I get it.
I had to mute him.
He's always just going off.
Every time I talk to 2013 Brian Hooker, he reminds me that autism spectrum disorder is a myth that's
used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and that public health is never questioned as a reason.
And actually, the pandemic has used gain-of-function and the whole idea of a pandemic and virology
exactly the same way and our passing this idea set onto our children is essentially passing on these myths that come along with it.
These terrible myths are part of a trap that you don't want to be in but you don't know why the cheese is free yet on social media otherwise you wouldn't be there and you'd be one of the few people that watches this live on PeerTube.
Because even YouTube, Twitch, Rumble X, they're all in on it.
They're all part of the same illusion where AI has solved the problem of protein folding.
Or AI is going to solve the problem of the human genome.
It's all nonsense.
And they have to ignore this show because I have these connections to a lot of these people that are now on stage regularly.
So I'm a pretty inconvenient player.
As is Housatonic Live and his website housatonicits.com if you haven't seen it You are really in the wrong place or at least not in the wrong place, but you've stumbled into a very different
teacher's lounge than you thought you were stumbling into and that would mean you don't know this substack either.
Please follow it.
Please let everyone know about it because what happened in Scotland is one of the few places where the terror was documented.
It can be characterized as that.
It was a psychological terror operation and there were lots of actors involved.
And most of the actors that are really intimate to the show will actually tell you exactly what's going on and also tell you that you won't be able to figure it out because it's so deadly.
It's so crafty.
It's so fifth generation that you just don't stand a chance.
That's what they want you to believe.
And I think that myth is being hoisted upon the children of the West, especially those children in America.
so that they don't see any alternative other than to burn it all to the ground.
Instead of coming together as a nation and using the Constitution against them, they want us to open the Constitution to amendment and they're going to change a few things and make everything fine.
No, ladies and gentlemen, stay focused on the biology.
Don't take that bait on social media.
Love your neighbors.
Find out who they are.
Get to know them and understand that we're all in the same trap.
If you've been here for a while, though, you might be surfing at the top here.
It's not any less wet at the top of the wave.
It's not any less dangerous at the top of the wave.
It just feels a little better.
It's not as if the wave lasts forever.
It's not as if you don't have to swim back out again.
And so that's the trick.
Do not fall for this short times, time horizon narratives.
Don't fall for these short time horizon mysteries.
The voice that you hear is that of Jonathan J. Cooley.
I'm chief biologist at GigaOM Biological.
I come to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
You can find the stain of my academic work on the National Library of Medicine website, PubMed.
You can also find
A hint of what I've been trying to get out for the last three or four years on the substack called Woodhouse 76 You would be able to find at least three two-hour presentations of me by Panda from the year 2022 But I've shown you in the videos in the introduction everything that I did up until 2022 has been purposefully ignored because basically by the beginning of 2022 I'd figured it out
And so they did all kinds of things to try and get me back on side.
They had me help Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
with some citations in that Wuhan cover-up book.
They put me in the acknowledgments.
They put me in the index and cast of characters.
It's really quite remarkable how much of my current stance on the biology is in that book.
And then I got to work for Children's Health Defense until finally Mary fired me for talking about Mr. Robert Malone, now on the ACIP, as co-chair with Martin Kulldorff, a good friend of my barbecue buddy, Jay Bhattacharya, who hasn't called me since he got the call-up.
You know, I mean, Major League Baseball players don't send postcards to their
to their minor league teammates.
That would be being kind of dick.
So I get it.
He's made the big leagues.
I haven't.
I'm still here on YouTube with a channel called JC on a Bike and another channel called JC in the Woods.
I'm on Twitch.
I'm on Rumble.
I'm on my own PeerTube.
And nobody sees me.
That's OK.
That's what happens when you're a minor league player.
But minor league players are paid the same way as the major league players.
You know, they just have followers and they just get donations.
You know, there's no motivation for a salary.
There's no motivation for future promises.
They're all just doing it for the grandchildren of Earth.
Yeah, right.
But we are, at GigaOMBiological.com, we are doing this for the grandchildren of Earth.
This is a family of five putting it all on the line behind their dad, their papa.
behind their husband.
That's what you see here.
So if you think that this is overproduced, or it looks like there's too much work involved, or wow, look at all this stuff.
Look at all of his slides.
I can tell you right now, this is what happens when you let one of the best, one of the brightest young talents as a college level biology professor, when you let them go.
I could hold a lecture hall's attention better than perhaps anybody that I met in the field.
And I often got compliments that
that belied that rank.
And people wanted me to present their work.
People wanted me to be the representative of their lab.
And I think that's what you see here in this stream.
You're just gonna see a really good biology teacher, but I like to call myself a biology coach because biology is so much more about trying to get you to take it on yourself.
It's a bit like,
It's a bit like, how can I say it?
It's a bit like piano.
You know, you could call yourself a piano teacher.
But I think what you really want to be is a piano coach.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Giggo and Biological.
A piano coach, in the sense of what you're trying to do is inspire a student to work on their own.
Inspire a student to be so eager to learn that they
they can't be contained by any single lesson.
You can get together and talk with them and try to put them on a certain track, but by the time they get back to you, they should have been done with that, eaten it all up, and moved on to other things, and they should have brought back a whole other table full of potential ideas that they can explore with you as a coach.
And so,
For me, as a biology coach, I would like to be somebody in the future who can help high school teachers learn biology, but also help high school teachers ignite that flame inside of them where they want to learn it themselves.
And they don't need a guy like me too often except to come in and check up to see what I'm coaching people on, what I'm suggesting people look into, or what kind of verbiage I'm suggesting be changed.
I think we can build that here at Giga Home Biological.
I think we can make something that's more of a resource for teachers and a resource for students at the same time.
That's what I think a coach is.
Because a real good teacher should be a student, right?
And so, in the end, what we need are coaches.
We need people who can point people in the right direction and we need adults
And that can stem from, you know, 17 year old precocious adult all the way up to a to a 75 year old person who realizes they still have 10 years left to change the world, to plant trees under whose shade they won't sit.
And they might decide that, you know what, I think I want to invest in a high school curriculum that will live beyond me.
I think I want to invest in a coach that's going to try and and build a high school curriculum that will last longer than any of us, because that's really where
where this is and where I see this being.
And that's why I'm spending so much time trying to get myself back into reasonable shape where I won't hurt myself on the basketball court because I think that focusing on moving forward, trying to teach biology, coach biology is really the only thing we can do.
We can't hope to flip the entire narrative and change the world all at once.
All we can do is to start, ah, ah, I see.
All we can start to do is try to build something that when people come they find something there, right?
We want to have it in as many places as possible, in as many forms as possible.
I really like the idea of art.
I can't see what I'm doing here because I'm so blind.
There we go.
And I really like the idea of having gatherings of teachers, gatherings of high school teachers trying to find a way to
to establish that network.
So we got a lot of plans, a lot of ideas that are working in the background.
And the first thing that needs to be done is finally have this 5013C established.
And I'm not sure if it's going to be the intellectual bright web or if we're going to call it just gigaohm again or what, but we are going to have something where potentially we could do billboards, potentially we could fund other people.
Mark Kulak, for example, is somebody who's right now net zero or negative with his family and how the money comes into the house.
And so unlike me,
who has a little bit of a simpler equation in the sense of we kind of just fly by the seat of our pants here.
We don't own our house.
We rent for an incredibly high number.
And we just try to make that number every month.
And because of the generosity of my subscribers, and that's how we get there.
That's it.
And that list isn't very long.
I mean, if you do the math, you'll figure out that there have to be some other people, and there are.
Given the amount of investment of time and energy and equipment and whatever, we're still big time in the hole.
I probably have invested close to...
I don't know, $4,000 in books, maybe give or take.
I mean, there's a lot of books in here that you don't see and a lot of books that I'm taking notes on and reading and using the index to optimize.
I mean, in reality, you know, everybody that shows you books behind them like that, those are all, that's just a fantasy world unless you know how they have been used.
And for me, I can tell you how all of these books have been used and I can tell you whether I've used them or not because I have marks on their binding too.
to tell myself what I've found there and where they are, and they're marked if I have.
So, this is an ongoing project behind me, an ongoing project in this room.
And every time that I make progress in any of these books and start to synthesize what all these books agree on as the history, it's starting to become very obvious to me that there's a gap.
There's a historical gap.
between the time when Max Delbruck and Luria and these other people, Szilard, all of these people that were physicists were coming together under the pretense that bacteria and phages might be a way to get at the foundational rules of life.
And that transition
from a time when the predominant viruses of interest were bacterial, to the time when we are now supposedly in a time when, I'm going to get there, in a time when we accept, at least a certain sect of modern academic biology accepts, that the vast majority of genetic signals in the background are actually phages, many of which, if not the majority of which, have never been characterized.
And this is the biological dark matter that the global national security state, the global national security operation that is the Human Genome Project, needed to hijack.
And somebody like Nathan Wolf, with the book, what was his book again?
Sorry, I gotta spin this around.
I'm just a little bit, this is like my memory palace.
You know, if I have the vision, visual of it, then I can really see all of what's going on in my head too.
I can kind of put everything in a timeline.
The viral storm is what it was called.
Yes, yes, the viral storm.
And so what this book is essentially doing for them and what it was intended to do for them was to take this
irreducibly complex background of biological signals composed almost exclusively of bacterial signals and their phages that in some narratives prey upon them, but I think in a better model would be part of them.
It would be one whole pattern integrity, bacteria and their phages.
And in order to understand them as a component of the irreducibly complex background, you have to understand them in concert
You can't understand one as the pathogen of the other.
You can't understand one as evolving separate or evolving to compete with the other.
And yet that is precisely the story.
that happens if you take the biological model of phages and the presence of this irreducibly complex background and then take that biological dark matter and say that it's all pathogens looking to infect us.
Because that's what they've done.
Nathan Wolfe and Peter Daszak and all of these virologists and all these gain-of-function people, what they are is a great big bullshit storm which is trying to confound an irreducibly complex background of bacterial signals into a forever providing
pandemic source.
So, you know, pandemics can come forever because there's this irreducibly complex background from which they will always emerge that Peter Daszak said from which 1.7 million viruses are waiting to jump.
There aren't 1.7 million viruses of anything other than phages.
All the other things are signals which are misconstrued as something that is spreading, something that went from a point to endemicity.
And so the assumption that they work on is that all these signals are endemic, potentially endemic, we don't know if they're endemic, so we just look and we find them and we tell whatever story we want to, all under the pretense that this irreducibly complex background of phages is just worth ignoring.
In fact, we don't even need to show you that our signal is differentiable from that signal.
All we have to do is take our signal, recreate it in recombinant DNA, apply it to a cell culture, and now you're forced to believe everything we claim about the natural signal.
That's how simple it is to debunk virology while at the same time not saying there are no viruses, which would be absurd.
Because we know there's an irreducibly complex background to phages, and even the no-virus people have, on camera, acknowledged it.
And so something's really goofy here.
Something is super goofy, and that is their wide acceptance of this idea of endemicity, the wide acceptance of the idea that there is a health freedom movement, there are anti-vaxxers.
And the scary part is, ladies and gentlemen, is those people are all part of the trap.
They are all as trapped as anybody that believes this was a natural virus and that the transfection saved millions of people from potential death.
certainly from serious disease.
And that absurdity is just as absurd as the other, that there is a lab leak virus that they covered up that went around the world and caused cardiac symptoms until its spike protein stopped doing that.
And then we transfected people to the spike protein that caused the cardiac symptoms, and now that's why we have cardiac symptoms in these people with clots.
And we said it was amyloid in 2020, and so saying it's amyloid now makes it amyloid, even if it's just fibrinogen.
That's how malevolent of a position we are in.
Because social media has convinced people that they have solved the mystery, that they got the right answer.
And I cannot stress enough how separated we are from our family and friends that are Democrats or think that Trump is nuts or we are so far from seeing eye to eye that we are in a very dangerous position.
And there's only one way for all of us to see eye to eye.
And that is that we must all come to understand that there was a biological signal
that it was anticipated and that it was available to be lied about.
So it didn't take very much manslaughter.
to go from an anticipated rise that everybody's got to deal with to, of course, some kind of crisis.
Big numbers.
Look at them.
And they're numbers which are absolutely revealed as bullshit when you realize we just stopped treating pneumonia with antibiotics for two years, and that was almost all we needed.
Now, if you factor in the half a million drug overdose deaths in America and the age group in which those fell,
now you have the perfect narrative where a virus hit everybody because everybody is vulnerable and so much so that it reduced the life expectancy in America the age you know that people died and that is the narrative that all of these people are sticking to lying about
talking about VAERS and the spike protein and amyloid clots and integration of the DNA.
They're all lying about manslaughter and opioids.
That's it.
It's that simple.
Because it was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that was sculpted using manslaughter and lies.
And lots of people are unwittingly participating, including maybe Grace Shara's dad.
I don't know.
But clearly no one was charged with manslaughter.
And the reason why is because apparently going into a hospital gives them consent to kill you.
It's a pretty simple story.
And yet somehow or another they have blown it, but it's a model and we should do the same thing with other people or something like that.
I don't know what to say about Scott Shara, but to say that I'm disappointed would be a gross understatement.
We are in big trouble because Americans were essentially murdered, but I think legally it would be manslaughter in order to create the illusion of a pandemic.
And people like Denny Rancor were put in place to make sure that nobody would say, Hey, there's a, there was a signal in the population pyramid.
Couldn't they have anticipated this rise in all causes?
Where's that in your data?
And he pretends not to know another thing that happened.
Now, this is very,
This is very heartbreaking to say out loud because I know it to be true to the deepest of my soul.
But the way that this worked for a woman by the name of Brandy Vaughn was that Brandy Vaughn started to say it too correctly.
Her and her friend Tony Bark started to say it too correctly.
That there is no good vaccine.
That intramuscular injection is just dumb because it bypasses all of the natural defenses of the body.
It's so different than ingestion.
And so what they did in 2018 and before was they put somebody like Suzanne Humphreys and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Larry Cook and all these other evil people like Judy Mikovits in front of people like Tony Bark.
and Brandy Vaughn on the same stage, saying the same shit that they say, and then they knock these two off and stop saying it.
And I could only make that accusation if there was evidence that when Brandy was saying there's a huge difference between ingestion and injection and that no vaccines are any good, so was Suzanne Humphreys.
But now, Suzanne Humphries went on Joe Rogan, and Joe Rogan actually asked her, you know, you know, so are there any good vaccines?
Now, it would be crazy, right, if during the time when Brandy Vaughn was alive and they were on stage together, that she would have said it very precisely, no, there are no good vaccines because vaccines are biologically dumb.
and then stopped saying it.
And then when in 2025, nine years later, she had a chance to go on Joe Rogan, she would have said, Oh, for sure.
There are no good vaccines.
I've been saying it for 10 years.
I say it in my book.
Wouldn't it be crazy if after all these years, after having a book in 2013 that apparently says there are no good vaccines, apparently explains that intramuscular injection is dumb and RNA could never pandemic.
So these are all, you know, it doesn't.
What's happening on Joe Rogan?
Let's just see.
There's a clip.
because I think this play with them all getting with Brandy and with Tony and kind of saying the same stuff that Brandy and Tony are saying on the same stage and agreeing with them was to make sure that when Tony and Brandy were finally offed, that these people would be right there to forget their names and then to dial it back a little bit and start to build a health freedom, big top tent of health freedom that would get Bobby Kennedy in the White House.
Hmm, let's see what we got here.
Darn it, I didn't do that right, did I?
No, I did not.
There we go.
Have there been any instances where vaccines have been helpful?
The question of the century, isn't it?
Okay, now, we have to back up a minute because
I had that same question, and I had to go dig deep.
All the questions you have in your head right now, I had them too at one point.
So here I am, a medical doctor, working in the field, believing in pretty much everything I was told, giving hundreds if not thousands of vaccines out to my patients, hepatitis B vaccines in particular, flu shots for sure.
I was a nephrologist, kidney specialist, and dialysis, et cetera.
Initially, so what I'm arguing for you to do right now is to stay focused on the biology Don't take their bait on social media of which a huge fish on the line always is the Rogan show And finally to love your neighbor now this lady is not your neighbor this lady right here is not your neighbor.
Oh
Oh, I see what I did here.
Bring to the front there.
Have there been any instances where vaccines have been helpful?
So that's a pretty good question of the century, isn't it?
Okay.
Now we have to back up a minute because I had that same question and I had to go dig deep to all the questions you have in your head right now.
I had them too at one helpful.
So again, I'm just trying to rearrange the slide a little bit.
I apologize.
Sometimes I like it to look exactly right.
No, all the time I like it to look exactly right.
That's why I have a problem getting started on time sometimes, because it's the little details of the slides that bother me.
So I'm saving it again.
So I'm trying to cue up the idea again.
Remember, the idea is that if this video
of Brandy and Suzanne Humphreys exists.
And we know that Brandy was saying intramuscular injection is very different than ingestion and arguing that they're just a bad idea, that they're all full of poisons that are not tested, yada, yada, yada.
She was basically saying, learn the risk, they're all toxic, all vaccines are toxic.
And her son had no vaccines.
So
She met Tony Bark around this time.
Tony Bark being a former head of the ER at Rush Presbyterian Hospital, which is one of the most fabulous medical schools and hospitals in the Chicagoland area and maybe in the United States.
I would have probably
given the pinky on my left hand to get admitted into that hospital at the time.
I mean, that's a pretty big sacrifice in my mind.
That means you're willing to do anything.
I really wanted to go to Rush Medical School.
I really wanted to work in the ER.
And so it's really weird.
You know, I was like, in some ways on a path almost to meet Tony Bark in some odd, strange way.
And it's just,
It's remarkable to me.
It really is remarkable to me that in the end there are only a few people on earth
that have gotten all the way to camp four, where they could make a push for the summit, where they could just say, you know what, I can almost explain all the bullshit that I know and explain it well enough that you would actually understand it.
And I've put in enough time on the camps one and two and three and four where you can take my word for it.
There are very few people who've worked that hard.
Most people
are using Sherpas and it's really just an easy two-day trek to the top.
Now, Suzanne Humphries is somebody who essentially said it right when she was around Brandy Vaughn, on stage with Brandy Vaughn, or in a video that was supposed to stand in front of Brandy Vaughn and Tony Barker.
Otherwise, she doesn't say it right.
Now remember, she's had a book since 2013.
She's been on stages since 2013, 14, 15, 16, 17, Cal Jam, whatever jam, whatever this shit, all over the place in these anti-vax
you know, circles.
Along with Judy Mikovits and Mary Holland, Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and James Lyons Weiler.
And this slowly crescendoed up until 2020 when both Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark would die.
So this is scripted bullshit.
This whole run-up to the pandemic was scripted bullshit.
That's why Brandy Vaughn was so upset that everybody in the movement wasn't making any progress.
They weren't taking on her ideas and saying them.
They were just saying freedom and health and choice and mandates and she didn't understand it.
Very similar to how I couldn't understand it in 2022 when I had explained it to Bobby and Bobby said, well, let's have you on with
Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose and Tess Laurie and you could explain it to them.
That just didn't make any sense to me.
Those people should have already done known better a long time ago and I'd already explained that to him too.
So what does she say on Rogue?
Have there been any instances where vaccines have been helpful?
question of the century isn't it?
Sorry now I'm gonna escape one more time because I want to get that out of her face so you can see that this is an old lady okay this is an old lady so if I have a video where you can see that she is significantly younger you know like five or ten years younger and she says it better than she says it on Joe Rogan what does that mean?
What would it mean for all the people that read her book and spread it around the world that after 10 years, 12 years after the book is published, she said it better in 2017 in the same video as Brandy Vaughn than she said it now on Joe Rogan, one of the largest
social opportunities to get her word out after all these years.
After all these years, she was given two and a half hours of uncensored, still on YouTube, Joe Rogan time.
What did this hero say when Joe Rogan asked her what, you know, have there been any good vaccines?
Have there been any instances where vaccines have been helpful?
The question of the century, isn't it?
Okay, now, we have to back up a minute because
I had that same question, and I had to go dig deep.
All the questions you have in your head right now, I had them too at one point.
So here I am, a medical doctor, working in the field, believing in pretty much everything I was told, giving hundreds if not thousands of vaccines out to my patients, hepatitis B vaccines in particular, flu shots for sure.
I was a nephrologist, kidney specialist, and dialysis, et cetera.
initially, you know, we all kind of have an aversion to needles.
I think it's a natural human aversion.
So when we're kids, we don't, no one's going, Oh, I want to go get my vaccines.
You get over it.
Most of us were lucky enough to get over it.
So by the time the first instance of
problem occurred in front of my eyes, I was already a fully seasoned professor of medicine, you know, working in a tertiary care medical center, okay.
And so it's been a bit of a process because for me it was the influenza vaccines in 2008, 2009 that showed me without a doubt that vaccines can and do cause kidney failure and put people on dialysis, that that does happen.
It can cause hypertension.
It's really annoying, hold on one second.
We're not told to take a vaccine history in medical
I'm going to do something like I'm going to try and save this and I'm going to restart PowerPoint.
Maybe it's just a big video or something.
I don't know.
That's annoying to me though.
And so again, I'll just talk you through it because I really think this needs to sink.
This needs to sink in.
People need to actually understand that it's not acceptable.
Oh yeah.
I had too many things open.
I think that's what it was.
This can be closed.
That can be closed.
It's not acceptable for somebody who had a book in 2013 that they claim debunks vaccines.
And then for them to be in 2025, still not just saying it very plainly, yeah, there's no good vaccine.
Now, if there's any video, any video evidence at all that like Brandy Vaughn, that like Tony Bark, Suzanne Humphreys was saying,
that there's no good vaccine back when they were alive, but isn't saying it now, then we have a pretty big problem on our hands because that would be a liar and not that dissimilar to if there was an audio or video of Brian Hooker in 2013 saying that he didn't use the word autism.
He didn't like the word autism.
His son was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
We will not call it autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
And now Brian says autism, uses the word autism, and says that autism is caused by vaccines.
You must see this for the lie and the absolute traitorous behavior that it is, or you won't be able to see through this fake health freedom movement.
The people that were put in place have said it when it's safe,
said it when it was necessary to stand in front of somebody else who was saying it, like me, like Brandy, like Tony, and I'm not comparing what I've done to what they've done.
I'm just saying that I'm on the same track and I've had the same experience where every time I think somebody's a good guy, it turns out that they're working with the guy that I just figured out was a bad guy.
And Brandy was losing her mind at the end of her life because so many people had betrayed her.
So many people after all these years of talking to them at hotel breakfasts and talking to them over drinks that nobody is, the messaging doesn't progress.
Nobody makes any progress.
One more time for the cheap seats.
What did she say?
What did she say on the Joe Rogan show?
Have there been any instances where vaccines have been helpful?
The question of the century, isn't it?
Okay, now, we have to back up a minute because
I had that same question, and I had to go dig deep.
All the questions you have in your head right now, I had them too at one point.
So here I am, a medical doctor, working in the field, believing in pretty much everything I was told, giving hundreds if not thousands of vaccines out to my patients, hepatitis B vaccines in particular, flu shots for sure.
I was a nephrologist, kidney specialist, and dialysis, et cetera.
Initially, we all kind of have an aversion to needles.
I think it's a natural human aversion.
Some of our kids, no one's going, oh, I want to go get my vaccines.
We're like, OK, fine, sore arm, you get over it.
Most of us were lucky enough to get over it.
So by the time the first instance of a problem occurred in front of my eyes, I was already a fully seasoned professor of medicine, working in a tertiary care medical center.
So she was quite equivalent professionally to Tony Bark.
And they need someone like that because as I detailed earlier, Tony Bark didn't just have some resume as a doctor.
Tony Bark was the attending physician at the ER that sits right next to Cook County Hospital in Chicago, Illinois.
Cook County Hospital is the hospital that they modeled the original ER show after, you know, with George Clooney.
Shit gets real there all the time.
And so Tony Bark didn't just have a resume.
She had an impeccable resume, one that could have served as HHS secretary, one that could have served as the head of the CDC or the head of the FDA or any post anywhere at any university because she already was holding one of the most prestigious working posts in medicine.
The attending at an ER is not a game show host.
You don't get away with faking it until you make it when you are the head of an ER.
I get chills in my spine right now thinking about somebody attaining that level of professionalism, that level of skill, that level of knowledge, that level of everything.
There might be 200 Americans that could fit in three buses that qualify for as cool as that woman is or was.
So how the hell are they gonna replace Tony Bark and somebody like Brandy Vaughn, who, despite being just a pharmaceutical rep, was witness to one of the biggest pharmaceutical crimes in the 20th century and a witness to it that spoke out with an unvaccinated kid who loved Tony Bark like her mom.
What a disaster if you're somebody who, I don't know, wants to become known for being this health freedom movement leader.
How are we going to orchestrate that with these two characters around?
Well, we need somebody to step in front.
Okay.
And so it's been a bit of a process because for me, it was the influenza vaccines in 2008, 2009,
showed me, without a doubt, that vaccines can and do cause kidney failure and put people on dialysis, that that does happen.
It can cause hypertension.
So we're not told to take a vaccine history in medical school.
We're not told to even look there.
It's not even part of, especially in adults.
But when I did start looking there, I started to see more and more associations, let's just put it that way.
And so first I had to go down the flu vaccine bunny trail.
Thinking about good ones is not the way to go.
You are the good ones.
We are the good ones.
That's all we can do is be them.
We have to change people's mind one at a time.
There are no people on social media with a million followers that aren't there by design and programming.
That haven't passed any number of auditions.
That's the reality of it.
If you want something else other than that on the internet, you're going to have to build it yourself.
You're going to have to donate to my work, donate to Mark's work.
You're going to have to support the work that you want to see on the internet because right now the internet and the ads and the algorithms all support the things that the military industrial complex needs to be on there so that our citizens can be fractured.
so that our real communities can be fractured into fake communities on the internet that can then be scattered into the wind as the United States is controlled, demolished from within by people with more than one passport.
This woman is not a hero.
There's no possible way that she could not be only ashamed of herself for not having accomplished anything after all this time.
And every time I went down that flu vaccine bunny trail, guess what I was asked?
What about polio?
So I thought, all right, even though this has absolutely zero to do with polio, because I'm watching people crap out in front of me after.
So we still don't have an answer to have there been any good vaccines, no answer, no short answer, which if you had spent the last 15 years trying to get the message out, you would probably start with the short answer on Joe fricking Rogan.
influenza vaccines, let's see about polio.
Because I knew very little about polio, just like most people walking around out there do, that it was invented by this guy named Jonas Salk, and it saved humanity, and we don't see these little crippled kids anymore, we don't have iron lungs anymore, yay.
Well, I would have to say that the polio bunny trail was the darkest one of all.
And so after polio, then became smallpox.
And I thought, you know, we still have people walking the earth that have experienced the polio years.
So I kind of like to stick to polio because most of the smallpox, you know, people that would have been familiar with it are off the planet.
But there's still some doctors around that'll talk about smallpox, like a guy named Thomas Mack, who's probably close to me.
I got all kinds of books on the shelf over there.
right behind the camera, that talk about smallpox.
And the funny thing is, is that none of those, none of those books talk about smallpox killing people.
It's so weird.
They talk about disfigurement.
They talk about how to avoid that.
They, you know, it's unfortunate and blah, blah, blah, but you don't, it's not like number one outcome death.
No.
Um, you know, it doesn't say like, wow, it killed this many people in this many years.
There's nothing like that in any of the historical textbooks that I have.
And I have a lot of them now.
I don't know how to explain that, but I know it doesn't jive with,
The idea that smallpox was ravaging the world and that people were dying everywhere and that the vaccine stopped that.
But she doesn't seem to want to question that at all.
Doesn't seem to be interested.
Even though she apparently has a book and a co-author and they did research.
I guess they didn't buy any books.
I guess they didn't buy any books on eBay.
They just have a couple of graphs that show that, you know, sanitation and water, that dad did stuff too.
But they didn't actually do any research.
They just basically published the script they were given.
That's why there's two authors.
It's not her life's work.
It's not her, what she was put on earth to do, like Brandy would have said.
Like I say to my kids every night, like, I don't know what to tell you, man.
I don't have any other choice.
Papa's got to figure this out.
So that my kids inherit a world that's real and my kids grow up in America still free.
90 who was kind of ground zero in the 1940s and knows a lot about it and still says we shouldn't be vaccinating for smallpox today.
So then there was that and then everyone and their dog was talking about autism and I didn't really want to have anything to do with autism because I was an adult doctor.
I think we should break down step by step.
She didn't want anything to do with autism.
Isn't that weird?
It's almost like she knows that autism has nothing to do with intramuscular injection, except for, you know, just the fact that kids can be neurologically damaged.
And she probably knows the truth like Brian Hooker in 2013 did.
I didn't want anything to do with autism.
Sounds a lot like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's story.
Dap, like, what about polio?
Yeah.
Because you said polio.
Once we've breached that, because that's the big one.
Yeah.
Right.
This is the one that everybody points to.
We don't have crippled kids.
Yeah.
When you look at the historical timeline of polio, just so you're watching and be aware, the choppy connection is the PowerPoint not playing this video very well.
I don't know why it's doing that, but it's, I think me and my voice is probably not choppy.
It's just this video.
What do you think caused it to go, to essentially not be a problem anymore?
Okay.
You don't think vaccinations had anything to do with that?
Well, I also it's not what I think, because that's the thing.
Like, look, when I got into this, I didn't say, oh, you know, I want to argue that vaccines are great.
I said, look, I don't care.
I didn't have skin in the game.
I didn't have vaccine injured kids.
I couldn't have cared less about it, essentially, except that it was something in front of me and didn't make sense.
So I thought.
Wherever the truth falls, that's what I'm going to talk about.
So what I say is that what the facts line up to show you is that polio is still here.
Polio is still alive and well.
Polio is called different things today, whereas back in the 1940s, 1950s,
The criteria for diagnosing polio were completely different to the year that the vaccine was introduced.
The playing field, the goalposts, everything was changed so that despite the fact that there was more paralytic polio in the years after that vaccine was introduced, they were able to show a
complete cascading drop of paralytic polio simply because of the way they changed the definitions of what polio is and what could cause it.
And they started testing for the virus, where before they would never test for the virus.
And when they started testing for the virus later, what they would find that people had Guillain-Barre syndrome, they didn't have virus, or they had Coxsackie virus or Echovirus, or they were lead poisoned or mercury poisoned, which was the mercury and lead were the leading treatments of the day, including blood letting.
They were telling people to take your cigarette and put a little bit of arsenic in there.
It's good for your lungs.
Yeah.
They were literally blowing smoke up people's butts.
That's where the term comes from.
If you want to Google that now, you'll see that there's an instrument that does it.
Now, it's not that funny if you realize that blowing smoke up people's butts is applying nicotine to their blood instantly.
Just like when you do a wine enema, you get drunk really fast because it goes right to your bloodstream.
Now the weird shit about this is, is that not a few weeks after this exact interview, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Joe Rogan and all these people started using tobacco pouches, even Tucker Carlson.
And of course, you know that Brian Hooker was on stage with Brian Artis, the guy who's now going around telling everybody that nicotine can cure Parkinson's disease and that they put venom in the shot
I mean, this is all one malevolent show, full of malevolent liars that are acting on stage exactly how Marlboro Malone described it.
These are trained professionals that are psychologically manipulating their audiences.
And Joe Rogan could be an unwitting pot smoking participant in this elaborate illusion.
I'm totally okay with that.
He's just engaged in what is called the look away doctrine.
You know, he knows that he's being used.
He doesn't give a shit.
He gets $150 million a year.
So is she going to answer the question or not?
Are there any good vaccines or not?
Because parents, you know, that are trying to figure it out are listening to Joe Rogan and they still need an answer.
So, Leah, the polio story, where to even begin?
And so there's about 70 pages.
And so that became my obsession.
So when people said, what about polio?
And I started digging.
There are about 70 pages in her book from 2013 that she's still selling on Joe Rogan in 2025, which means her narrative hasn't progressed at all.
Since the book, she has learned nothing more about the polio narrative.
She specifically referred to the number of pages that's in her 2013 book as the current status of her understanding.
So she's gonna explain it.
This is one of the most malevolent frauds in America.
It's gross.
Getting this up, I went deep into it.
Did you dive into pesticides?
Yes, yes, you have to dive into pesticides because the tonnage of production of DDT absolutely mirrored the diagnosis for polio in the days.
And the countries that still make DDT today is where we're still seeing this paralytic polio situation happen.
And also, weren't the first cases, did they break out in a rural community?
The first cases of polio, yes.
In the United States, paralytic polio.
Yes, it was out in the countryside.
Well, and that was probably more because of the sheep and cow dipping.
So arsenic, you'd have to look at arsenic.
You have to look at the mercurials.
You have to look at the calcium arsenate, lead arsenate sprays that were put on trees.
But what you're talking about in particular, they were called.
So after all this discussion, we still have not honed in on the fact that intramuscular injection is very different than inhaling something or being exposed to it on your skin or ingesting it into your,
digestive tract or even blowing it up your ass.
These people are on a malevolent script most likely curated by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and it was a long time ago put in order and in place to try and hijack the anticipated resistance to the transition to transfection.
And so the pandemic was designed and scripted to make sure that everybody on any side of the narrative accepted
wholesale, the use of PCR as a diagnostic, the use of sequencing as a evolutionary phylogenetic tool, and the use of transfection as a viable means of immunizing someone against one of these novel pathogens.
So you accept the novel pathogen as well.
Those four things were now
settled in everyone's mind, all of your neighbors, probably all your family and friends, cannot explain why those things are not true.
And that's an incredibly dangerous place for us to be, and she in no way, shape, or form is sending a lifeline, dropping a lifeline down to people to try and get them out of that narrative.
Furthermore,
She is clouding the water further by telling you that it could be pesticides and it could be mercurials that are sprayed around.
And she uses all these terms that seem to imply there's a whole family of things you need to be worried about over here and a whole family of things you need to be worried about over here.
And this whole clip starts with Joe Rogan with a very simple stoner like question.
Hey, so, so man, do you think there are any good vaccines at all, dude?
and this is where she is right now.
That's how far she got.
All the cow disease, they'll go out and the family, when you would go to the house, they'd say, all the kids have the cow disease, what the cows had before.
Well, what were they doing?
They would have this trenches.
You talk to farmers even today.
Oh yeah, we had trenches.
We would just walk them straight through and I'd be soaked with this stuff by the end of the day.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
And so the research that she's done is talk to farmers about it.
She hasn't bothered to get any medical textbooks
And start to build a timeline about how people talked about smallpox, how they treated it, how they described vaccination to it.
But GigaOM Biological has.
I've shown them on the screen before, I've shown them on the stream before, I've read them out loud before, they're going in the book.
There's no other way to take an entry in a medical encyclopedia from 1920 which describes smallpox and what it is and what it can result in and never uses the word death once.
It's just not possible.
There are no statistics on the number of people that die from it or its survival rate because there is no
There is no truth about smallpox in this silly story that she's telling on Joe Rogan.
There is no truth with regard to these pesticides and these, you know, these are all myths.
They are the same myth that the polio vaccine sits inside of, because again, remember, in order for this myth to work, the counter myth has to be partly, has to be believable as well.
You can't have truth on this side and falseness on this side.
You have truth on both sides.
And that's why it's a circle.
That's why you get stuck in it like a motorcycle in a giant sphere of death.
You can't get out.
These people are in performance mode.
They are reading a script.
It could be that Joe Rogan has the script in front of him so he can keep bouncing shit off of her.
And it seems like, wow, these people are, it's like they're, this is the greatest conversation ever.
Suddenly I want to buy Italian pasta.
They're basically soaking and bathing in arsenic, which is great for killing fleas and ticks, but it's not really great for keeping your nervous system.
Whoa.
No way.
happy because the fact of the matter is, and this again, I've got medical references, everything, I can't get away with making stuff up, okay?
I have to put a reference for everything, but arsenic causes the exact same spinal pathology that, and fevers and everything, it literally mimics what they were calling polio and a polio virus back in the day.
I read this crazy statistic and I still can't believe it's real.
She still hasn't said, are there any good vaccines?
She still has not explained to you that it goes against all of the biology of our body.
She still hasn't explained to you that even if you want to consider it, just consider the difference between injecting something in the muscle and inhalation or ingestion or exposure.
No, we're not there yet.
We're still not there.
This is a person who's been waiting for the chance to give the elevator pitch on vaccines for, I guess, at least 15 years.
Five to 99% of all polio is asymptomatic.
That's exactly right, so polio virus is what we think.
So now we have all these asymptomatic signals, including what, that's James Lyons-Weiler in 2019 saying that vaccine-preventable diseases are spreading asymptomatically among the vaccinated because our current vaccines are pretty shitty.
She's now telling you, because Joe Rogan says, that polio spreads almost exclusively asymptomatically.
And so we have to be worried about things that only their diagnostics can show you.
Only their PCR tests could find and track and sequence.
And these people are in no way objecting to that at all.
They accept that just like they accept the novel virus because they are on script.
Commensal, just like you have staph on your skin and strep on your skin and it actually serves a purpose.
It keeps other microbes in check as long as you don't get a cut.
and have not a good immune system to deal from the inside out.
So polio, the reason I can say that polio is a commensal is because again, there are medical studies that showed that.
A commensal.
See, she's already confusing the listeners another step when reality, what she should have said is they're symbiotic.
They're present in everybody.
We have a symbiotic relationship with them.
Breaching the barrier of our gut or breaching the barrier of our skin is a problem.
Of course it's a problem, but we have a symbiosis with them.
We interact with them and our immune system is how we do that.
So again, it's the lack of specificity.
It's the affirmation of the already bullshit narratives that are in Mary's Monkey and these other stupid books that he's probably
at least, you know, listen to the audio while he was in his ice tub.
People who dared to get on the edge of some of these wild Native tribes down in South America or elsewhere, but in particular I'm talking about a South American tribe called the Javante Indians.
So the Indian Health Service got to the edge of it and bargained that they would get some stool and some blood from the tribes so that they could test it for polio.
And what they found was 98% to 99% of every person they tested, and it was hundreds of people, had evidence of immunity to all three strains of polio.
And they said to them, well, where are your crippled children?
Where's your short legs?
Where are the people that died of respiratory failure?
And they were like, we don't have any of that problem.
Want to trade like the pros without being one?
With P.U.
Prime, you can.
Whether you're into Forex, stocks, crypto, or commodities, P.U.
Prime gives you access to 200 plus trading instruments, ultra low spreads, and lightning fast.
And so after he makes a clip where she doesn't answer the question of are there any good vaccines at all, he sells you an app where you can trade crypto and other shit.
Now, if there was a video of her saying it better when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Barker were still alive, and then she didn't say it that way on Joe Rogan, would you believe that she's a liar?
Would it expose her for you?
I sure hope that if I show you a video from when Brandy was alive, when Tony was alive, and she says it right, you will see that what she said on Joe Rogan is nothing but scripted bullshit.
What she's been saying since Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn died is scripted bullshit.
Just like Brian Hooker.
Just like
Mary Holland and just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And you can see it.
And more importantly, the other side of America can see that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has always been on a shitty script that he did not understand.
And now he's floundering with it.
They are claiming that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is writing reports with AI.
That's why there are incorrect citations in it.
Do you see what they're doing?
Do you see the trap we walked into?
The trap that she helped set?
That she stood in front of Brandy Vaughn?
Now there better not be a video where she says it better.
I say there better not be a video where she says it better.
My current opinion about vaccinations is that they have never been safe.
Never has there been a safe vaccine.
Never will there be a safe vaccine.
And it is not possible to have a safe vaccine.
The reasoning for that is that the actual process of vaccination defies the natural function of the immune system.
of living beings.
It thwarts the immune system into a balance that's very unnatural and that leaves it susceptible to more things than just what you may be vaccinated supposedly for.
Putting a disease matter into a body and thinking that the manner of which it's going in, i.e.
usually through a muscle, through the skin, using a very unnatural thing, a needle,
combined with all the chemicals and antibiotics.
I'm sorry, why wouldn't she say this on Joe Rogan?
Why did she open the stream with Joe Rogan about cinnamon being vitamin C rich?
If you don't want to take away all the money that she has for all the books she sold, if you don't want to take away all the likes that you gave to her tweets,
If you don't want to take away all the nice things that you said about her now, I can't help you.
Because this is all it's about.
All it is about is realizing that Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark could say it exactly right.
that there was never a safe vaccine, that vaccines are just dumb, they're antithetical to our biology, which is how I was saying it when I met Robert F. Kennedy Jr., when Charles Rixey came to my house, how I was saying it when Kevin McCarran came to Pittsburgh, how I was saying it when Addie Adds came to Pittsburgh, how I was saying it when Paul Alexander came to my house, how I was saying it for years, ladies and gentlemen,
Since the end of 2021, I've been basically saying it like this.
And this woman is part of an elaborate hoax called a health freedom movement.
These people have been put in place.
They murdered people like Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark to get themselves into positions of influence.
And then people like Peter Thiel and Elon Musk and Donald Trump and Gavin DeBecker and
and Steve Bannon and all these people used these people to promote Robert F. Kennedy as close to the White House as they could get him so that the FDA could essentially be usurped or neutered so that the progress toward sequencing every baby in America and collecting as much medical data as possible that we could make progress to that final stage of the experiment.
And so the people would accept PCR and viral sequencing and gain of function and the mythology of pandemics.
She is part of the same team of liars, which has ultimately brought Robert Malone to the ACIP, has brought Jay Bhattacharya to the NIH, has brought Marty Makary to the top of the FDA, has brought Vinayak Prasad to the top of Center for Biological Evaluations and Research.
And America's government is being undermined from the inside by these traitors.
And America's popular movement among parents and among young people and among Christians is being perverted and twisted by liars who know how to say it and are not saying it because they are being paid not to say it.
And I mean Mary Holland.
I mean Brian Hooker.
I mean Suzanne Humphries.
I mean them all because they are all not saying it anymore.
There's no explanation for this video to exist other than she is a liar.
This is a liar.
My current opinion about vaccinations is that they have never been safe.
Never has there been a safe vaccine.
Never will there be a safe vaccine.
And it is not possible to have a safe vaccine.
The reasoning for that is that the actual process of vaccination defies the natural function of the immune system.
of living beings.
It thwarts the immune system into a balance that's very unnatural and that leaves it susceptible to more things than just what you've maybe vaccinated.
So in the 10 minutes that we listened to the Joe Rogan podcast where he actually asked her, have there been any good vaccines?
She did not answer
like Suzanne Humphries of 2018, like Brandy Vaughn of 2018, like Tony Bark of 2018.
She didn't answer like them.
She didn't answer like Brian Hooker of 2013.
No, she gave a long convoluted answer that actually did not address the question.
and it makes her a traitor to our grandchildren.
She cannot be seen any other way.
I cannot, there is no possible way for me to have just stolen a special clip because this is too important.
Kids are vaccinated every day.
Doctors are perpetuating this myth every day.
The pandemic myth is perpetuating the same mythology.
And instead of using that opportunity
pulling out a samurai sword that she had been sharpening for 15 years and cutting that melon right in half in front of Joe Rogan and having him go, damn.
She blew it for two and a half fricking hours.
She blew it talking about tribes and Amazons and, and, and, and cinnamon.
supposedly for.
Putting a disease matter into a body and thinking that the manner of which it's going in, i.e.
usually through a muscle, through the skin, using a very unnatural thing, a needle, combined with all the chemicals and antibiotics and things that the manufacturing companies may not even know about at the time that they're being injected into a muscle, there's no possible way that that can be safe.
Now, when you're bypassing the normal immune system by putting this disease matter into a muscle, you are stimulating yet another abnormal response at the site of the injection, pooling of all sorts of metals and things that call in the immune cells in this very unnatural way.
And the result that these manufacturers or designers of vaccines often look for is simply an antibody, which is one small thing in the
Ladies and gentlemen, she is a scripted liar.
She's a scripted liar like he and he and Marty are scripted liars.
They're all scripted bullshitters.
on a scripted bullshit script, probably written by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan largely, and developed on their podcasts over the five or six years of the pandemic.
There's not many things more dishonorable than what these people are doing.
There's not many more Americans more dishonorable than the fake health freedom movement of Robert Malone and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker.
It is absolutely the worst kind of human behavior.
These people are actually lessers because these are just people that are interested in the post, interested in progression up the ladder that they imagine they're on.
They see themselves at some higher paid position in a few years and only that matters to them, their name on a door.
But there are people that are more malevolent than that.
And those are the people that I've had run-ins with because they are the ones that are willing to lie and spread these bad ideas that are much more dangerous than any spread of an RNA molecule.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'll be back in a few minutes with the second half of the show.
you
Therefore it's not correct.
That was Greg Howe, Victor Wooten, and Dennis Chambers on drums.
Victor Wooten plays the bass and then Greg Howe on guitar.
It's Hal Wooten and Chambers.
Dennis Chambers is one of my few drummers that I actually used to sort of fanboy about a little bit.
Dennis Chambers has also made a number of albums with a guy by the name of Mike Stern who plays guitar from the Berklee School of Music, who I got into again because of my friend and former guitar teacher, Nathan, who is here at the bottom of the screen.
Right there is that yeah, that's that's him right there.
That's me and him in October of 2023 and then about a month later he died of an extremely quick aneurysm very unsurprised very surprised a great guy left behind two incredibly talented daughters and a really fantastic woman as a mom and wife and partner and
It's still hard for me to imagine that that guy isn't with us anymore, but I know for sure that the reason why him and so many other Americans may never see the justice that they deserve, their families will never learn the truth, is because they are surrounded by, on social media, scripted bullshitters and no one
is going to spontaneously hear the message that I have to bring.
None of these people that have absorbed what they can from me over the course of these five years will ever point to me again because they are involved in this controlled demolition of America.
And I don't say that lightly.
I don't like to say that.
I don't like to think that most of the parents of the kids at my boy's high school are wholly unaware and not even disturbed at the fact that a kid that went to our high school is supposedly responsible for an assassination attempt on the current president of the United States and we still don't know anything about him.
Nobody cares because it's scripted bullshit.
Although at the time of the shooting, Brett Weinstein for two and a half weeks was very concerned about how many other shooters might've been in Butler, Pennsylvania.
He had no concern at all about how that young man was recruited or what social media got him there or what he was doing on the roof in the first place.
Nah, that doesn't matter because there might've been more than one shooter.
Let's talk to a former Oracle employee and probably agent of Team Robert Malone
John Cullen for three hours about it.
It's all one shitty show that was behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
like a Trojan horse.
And so I want to start out the second half with a little bit of a summary, put a little extra work in since it's only 1136.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
If you want to support this work, if you think what I'm doing is important, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support the stream as little as $10 a month as a subscriber.
it would add up to more than enough very quickly if just, you know, a few people would decide to do it.
Right now, it's like 110 people have decided to do it in the last six years, which I think should tell you something about how social media can be weaponized against somebody because there's no reasonable explanation for that when, quite frankly, GigaOM Biological is one of the best programs on the internet right now, maybe the best
science news show that has ever existed on the internet.
And maybe I'm one of the best biology coaches that's ever tried to make programming on the internet.
So it's pretty remarkable that a multiracial, well-spoken, not white American is having a hard time rising in this world of, you know, all these people.
I don't get it, but I don't care.
I really don't.
One of the reasons why I'm so lucky to be able to hijack Chief Woohoo and make him into JC on the hardwood is because of that ridiculous notion, the twisted bad biology and the brains of people that are broken within it.
So I'm going to address a few of those things.
But first, I want to just summarize where I think we are as far as the pandemic.
This is a summary that
is a few three months old already, I think, that I tried to do one week just to see if I could do something for people.
I meant to publish this somewhere.
Maybe I didn't.
I guess I probably didn't put it on a sub stack.
Anyway, the first thing that you need to understand, especially with regard to Aaron Seery and the fake lawyer from Columbia University, Mary Holland, and the fake lawyer named Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who Children's Health Defense pays a lot of money, both of them,
They haven't really made any progress in educating Americans about the trap that they are in, even though they are lawyers, and apparently that should be their job, to kind of explain to parents what's going on.
They've focused most of their time on mandates and not a lot of time on the fundamental problem of the PrEP Act, the fundamental problem of the National Vaccine Safety Act, or whatever the hell it was called.
And the fundamental problem of those laws are that they allow the government to suspend fundamental rights without being held to strict scrutiny.
And possibly that our due process rights are being violated in that regard because we are not allowed to sue for damages.
And that's also a fundamental right codified in the Constitution.
And that sits at the base of the, let's say, unconstitutionality of the vaccine schedule in America.
And so if you were really worth your salt as a Columbia Law professor, and you really were burning your career as a Columbia Law professor to throw it all out there in order to save children from a vaccine schedule that you were sure injured your son,
In the last 15 years, you would have certainly got to this point by now, but she didn't.
And neither did Aaron Seery.
And neither has Roy Flores.
And neither has all of these people that are taking really nice salaries from this nonprofit with no actual brick and mortar location that you could go and protest or call or send a message to.
Children's Health Defense, the one that Paul Offit will say, and the PBS NewsHour will say, and everybody will say out loud, because they want Americans to go there, if they're going anywhere, to go there, because that's the trap.
And those are people like ICANN who don't, simply can't say this.
Yes, virology is a fraud, that is for sure.
But the no virus narrative was a trap and it remains a trap.
Because like PCR, PCR is not fake.
PCR can work really well.
Just like a skilled carpenter can make a really badass set of drawers.
And a person who's lying could claim that they can make a really nice pair of drawers and that they know how, or a set of drawers, and they know how to make them and that their drawers slide just as well as the master carpenter, but that's, that would be bullshitting.
And as I tried to explain at the beginning of the show, there is an irreducibly complex background of genetic signals that are composed almost exclusively of bacterial signals and bacteriophages, which,
Up until this point in biology have been mischaracterized, in my humble opinion, as separate from bacteria.
That bacteria are the victims of phages.
That phages are evolving independently of the bacteria that they attack.
And this is the myth.
This is the incorrect biology, the bad biology, that assumes that these signals are not part of us.
that are not part of the bacteria that they infect.
This is ridiculous.
I think it's almost as ridiculous as saying that the leaves on the trees are parasitic and that's why they fall off every year.
They are telling us a story at the microscopic level about trees they don't understand and telling us that when the leaves fall off,
That's a sign that the tree is dying or that the tree has gotten rid of the parasites.
But then next year, the parasites come back again.
And the key thing to understand here is that metabiota and Nathan Wolf and metagenomic sequencing, metagenomic sequencing was invented by somebody who studies phages in coral reefs.
Did you hear that?
Metagenomic sequencing was invented by a molecular biologist that was studying bacteriophages in coral reefs.
Specifically, in the mucus of coral reefs.
Reefs, I guess I should say.
Reefs, not Chris Reeves, but coral reefs.
Anyway, my pronunciation aside,
That is the point in molecular biology where Nathan Wolf and the Gain of Function narrative and all these bullshitters funded by USAID step in and claim that that irreducibly complex background, that black, black, what do they call it, dark matter of biology is composed of viruses that attack us.
instead of genetic signals that are a component of our bacterial background.
You see the wrong biology and how far they went?
They went so far as to produce two whole rows of books about that bad biology.
Two rows of books.
One of the favorite of which, for me now, is this book by Leonard Horowitz called Emerging Viruses.
This book is a spectacular tome of bullshit.
but it's exactly the same grift and joke as this book is from Nathan Wolf, where they're taking an irreducibly complex background, tools that were developed on that irreducibly complex background, and then misconstruing those tools' output as evidence of viruses that affect us, without making any effort to differentiate
the viruses that they say are pandemic potential from the irreducibly complex background from which the tools they use are derived.
And so that's why none of these people have usefully questioned PCR.
These no virus people have never usefully questioned the fact and been able to explain the fact that PCR can be used to a very high level of fidelity on the academic bench, but has never been used in that way as a diagnostic.
And it would be such an easy thing for any of these people to explain.
The least of which, the reasons, the least of which are that I have explained to them repeatedly, including Brett Weinstein and Alexandros Marinos and Chris Martinson and Heather Haying and Jumi Kim and Matt Crawford on Signal in 2021.
And so RNA is a class of molecule without the requisite biological and chemical characteristics that would permit any kind of sustained spontaneous spread.
This concept is antithetical to everything we have been taught about the unique biological chemistry of DNA.
Only virology, primary literature makes claims otherwise, and those paper are all written by players.
They are, it's just that simple.
Without David Baltimore's work, this whole thing falls apart.
Without Vincent Racaniello, the whole thing falls apart, because there's nobody else that can stand there and defend this mythology the way they can.
And the best clues I have as a coach are look at remdesivir and who wrote about it.
Look at remdesivir and what its molecular mechanism is and look up this gene and find out what its molecular mechanism is and who described it and how they're related and you will see.
It's all just one bullshit show.
The most amazing thing is, is that this gene is the only thing that Kevin McKernan brought up on a stream on the exact day, it is St.
Patrick's Day, 2023, when Kevin McKernan, John Bodwin,
Jessica Rose, Stephanie Seneff, and myself did a stream together where I explained my theory about what was going on.
And Jessica Rose said she thought that's exactly what happened.
Stephanie Seneff said nothing.
John Bodwin said nothing.
And Kevin McKernan said, yeah, but XON.
And in that video, then I rubbed his face in it like a little puppy that had just peed in the carpet.
I mean, this dude lost.
And that was when everything snapped and he started to call me chemtrail retarded in dedicated substacks written to me.
And then he had to block me on Twitter because it was all over at that point.
He had been exposed.
And what did they do then?
They put him in 2024, a whole year later on a huge podcast called the Danny Jones podcast, where he lied about the fact that Charles Rixey helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
with his book, that Charles Rixey had the goods on the diffuse proposal, which is of course a bullshit lie.
And part of the same narrative that Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan are curating.
The reason why Charles Rixey came to my house in the first place was to get me to go on stream and say the defuse proposal was real and that I was a part of drastic that found it.
With flattery, you know, like you're a genius.
I just want to work with you.
Exactly as Robert Maloney explained it to Del Bigtree.
Because he's the one scripting these people.
And why are they scripting it is the question you have to ask yourself.
Why would there be a script?
Is it because they want to kill us?
No, it's not because they want to kill us.
It's because they want the PCR to be accepted.
They want this medical remnant stream to be present for sequencing and they want the FDA to be neutralized.
The FDA is the only part of the executive branch, the only part of HHS would have any authority to look over these,
these diagnostic tools and decide whether there was fraud.
They're the only ones who could put their foot down and say, you know what?
We're not regulating any of this diagnostic stuff and we better start regulating it because we let it all go wild during the pandemic, but we better rein it back in.
Marty McCary's never going to say that because he is on a script from Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan to make sure that no one ever says that.
because these remnant streams are a priority for the Human Genome Project.
These methodologies to be accepted en masse so that we can be experimented on properly needs to happen, and that's why these people were put in place.
And they definitely, it is a national security priority.
and they will tell you that the old vaccine schedule was a one-size-fits-all and that doesn't really work and we know that now from the Human Genome Project.
We're gonna have to sequence everybody and we're gonna have to make personalized medicine and personalized vaccines.
And they need you to teach this to your grandchildren.
Because this isn't about us, it's about the next generation of babies.
They need it from birth to death.
They need those babies wearing wearables so that we can practice collecting their data.
before the population collapses on Earth.
This year marks a decade since same-sex marriage was legalized nationwide.
But in several Republican-led states, efforts are underway to ban pride flags from public schools and government buildings, sparking a wave of local resistance.
Dima Zane has the story.
As a biologist, I feel like it's kind of in my wheelhouse to be able to provide you a little quick out when somebody starts to argue about this stuff.
And it's a very easy, semantic out.
And I don't know if I've said it before on the stream.
I think I have, but it's a very easy semantic out.
The only mistake we are making is allowing them to call trans men, trans women.
That's it done.
It's all over.
And now you understand because if you were born with a penis and your chromosomes are X, Y, and you think that you're a woman trapped in a man's body.
then you are a trans man because you are a man who wants to transition into a woman.
You are never going to transition into a woman.
You will always be a transitioning man.
And I honestly think that when I was a kid, that's how that was used.
I think they had to work really hard to flip that over.
And at the start of the pandemic, I think they worked extra hard to flip that over to make sure that people weren't using it correctly.
And that is the correct term.
If this guy right here is in the process of becoming a woman, which he's free to do as far as I'm concerned, he would be a transitioning man.
And he is a trans man and he will live the rest of his life as a trans man.
And now we don't have this problem of what is a woman.
Because we will be acknowledging with our language that a biological male can never actually fully transition into a biological female.
He will always be a transitioning man in his mind and in reality.
The other thing that I think is very important to understand with regard to the rainbow flag debate is to make sure that you see that more often than not, what is going to happen is that what would likely be a homosexual child is being absolutely physically mutilated and medically raped.
And we shouldn't want this.
And more importantly, the older adults in our groups that are gay shouldn't want this.
They should be able to see that if they were young and they were subject to the messaging campaigns and to the social media that these kids are, they might not have found their way safely to homosexuality and safely to the community and the friends and the love that they have in their life.
They might not have found their way there.
And so we as biologists need to be honest about that.
We need to be honest about the fact that, you know, the rainbow flag, if it comes right down to it, comes down to a few very simple things about penises.
Either you have one and you prefer that one, or you don't have one and you would like to, you know,
interact with other people's penises, or you're really mad that you don't have one and you're going to force the issue by putting one on yourself, or you have one and you're mad that you have one and you want it removed.
But in reality, flying that flag means that for whatever reason, you want everybody to know that your opinion about dick is important.
Your preference for, preference against, your preference for your own or that of others is important.
So important that your flag you fly signifies it.
That's what that flag means.
That flag does not simply signify inclusion for people who believe in flat earth or people who believe in one Christian God or another Christian God or who are Buddhist or who are agnostic.
This is specifically about unity
for the appreciation of having or not having a dick.
That's it.
And you want one, or you wish you had one, or goodness sakes, I gotta get rid of it.
But then when you get rid of it, you wanna play with other people's.
I don't understand what's going on here, ladies and gentlemen, but I do know for sure that this whole concept of there being trans women that used to be men is the semantic enchantment that allows this bullshit to go out.
If that semantic enchantment wasn't there and we called transitioning men trans men, this whole act wouldn't be possible.
You wouldn't be able to ask a Supreme Court nominee to define what a woman is because that would be a stupid question.
but by a semantic trick of calling trans men trans women and arguing that they're also real women, they now have gotten us to the point where we are willing to argue about the flag and fight for the flag that represents this concept that we should all have a firm understanding of where we are with regard to whether we like our own or other people's dicks.
And if we change our mind about that in the course of our growing up, that's totally okay because you know,
It's really crazy.
I'm sorry to use such language, but it's important to see how ridiculous we look.
It's important to see how ridiculous we look because we look this ridiculous also to our rulers.
We look this ridiculous also to our elite who have us arguing about this.
Did Israel and the United States obliterate Iran's nuclear program?
Donald Trump says they did.
Other analysts say Iran's facilities are seriously damaged, but that the story of the Iranian nuclear program is far from over.
It's premature and counterproductive, they say, to claim total victory.
What's the actual truth?
We'll try to separate the signal from the noise next.
This is Washington Week with The Atlantic.
Corporate funding provided by.
In 1995, two friends set out to make wireless coverage accessible to all with no long-term contracts.
Good evening and welcome to Washington Week.
So let's start with a little etymology.
Obliterate comes from the Latin obliterare, which originally meant to blot out.
OK, so I just want to watch this really quick because this is Washington Week from Friday.
And I wanna just see how they take on the whole, you know, did we destroy the nuclear program of Iran?
And, excuse me, what I think is most, you know, apt as a coach, I want you to pay attention to what they feel they need to reinforce.
What the narrative of this show feels they need to reinforce.
So where are they gonna walk the viewer?
So in case everybody's not up to speed, this is how nuclear war works.
And they actually do that on this program.
And I want you to listen to what they do, and then I'm gonna try and talk you through what I hear.
And I will just state it right off for the go.
Like there are no viruses, I think saying that there are no nukes is a dangerous generalization to make, but it's a one that works in our favor.
It's a dangerous generalization to make in the sense of you could in theory be wrong and then that would, you know, blow back in a way that you wouldn't want it to blow back.
But on the other hand, I would say that if you're going to take a risk like and say that intramuscular injection is just plain dumb and in the end nobody can come back to you and explain why in certain cases it isn't dumb,
then I think in a lot of ways saying that there are no nukes is a very similar type of challenge.
It's a challenge to the rest of the world.
If there are nukes, it should be fairly easy for us to demonstrate it.
There should be some textbooks we should buy.
There should be a fairly easily understood sort of concept behind the idea of a nuclear bomb.
Now, the
The trick here is to understand that the illusion of a nuclear bomb, and I'm saying this as a high school physics teacher because for a while I was a high school physics teacher when I was also teaching biology and chemistry all at the same school.
And yes, it was exactly as bad as you can imagine it was.
I had four preps a day because I also had to teach this class for freshmen called physical science, which had the worst textbook.
The idea
of a fission reaction.
I'm just going to draw a picture now so that we're all on the same page, at least in the terms of what I'm thinking.
You don't have to be thinking this as well.
Did I not turn this on?
Okay, it's gonna come out in a second so the idea of a fission reaction I'm just gonna explain it very quick and I'm not gonna draw good pictures and I'm not gonna get exact things Okay, but the idea of a fission reaction is that you have this great big atom
a great big atom might be like uranium or plutonium I don't know if it's you if P is also plutonium I think it is maybe it's phosphorus and plutonium is something else probably plutonium is something else so I won't write that down but it could be you 238 for example so if it's PI okay so PI so
you have this big nucleus right and the nucleus isn't very stable because it's got so many protons and neutrons and electrons and protons and neutrons have to be balanced out and there's some extra neutrons in there and so those extra neutrons are rare and so occasionally a neutron will fly out and when a neutron flies out it can hit another one of these atoms and if it does
This atom could have enough energy to separate into two slightly more stable atoms and then I think this one splits into another one pretty quick.
But the idea is, is that that's what you hear when you put a Geiger counter near uranium.
Is that you're hearing the emission of neutrons and then this neutron can go and bounce off another atom and release another neutron and the concept
of a nuclear bomb is the idea that if you put these atoms close enough to each other, meaning you made a pure enough uranium metal
that the neutrons that are released by one would not spontaneously escape and hit the Geiger counter, but would more likely hit another atom.
And so in the end, you'd get this chain reaction, and the whole nugget of fissile material would go boom at once.
That's the cartoon.
And the cartoon is based on real physics, nuclear physics, where you have radioactive material, and the nucleus is decaying.
The decays are understood.
The emissions are understood.
But the problem is, is that like all other matter, it's really mostly space.
And so when a neutron shoots out of yellow cake uranium, it doesn't hit another uranium atom and cause another uranium atom to release neutrons.
And this doesn't go into a chain reaction because most of the neutrons, all of them, don't hit anything else.
They just fly away.
And so part of a nuclear bomb is also this concept that when the neutrons are released, you also have to have these reflectors around it.
And so you'll see in designs of nuclear weapons that there are these reflectors around it, like beryllium reflectors, so that when the breaking down pure uranium releases its neutrons, that the neutrons come back down.
And so once you start it, it's supposed to go boom.
That's the idea.
And so it's just a big cherry bomb where at the heart of it is this normal decaying reaction of an unstable atom, but then now optimized to happen in an instant because of the purity of the metal and the intricate design of the neutron reflectors and the amount of TNT that's directed on that, on this thing, you know, smashing it really hard.
That's basically it.
The first designs of nuclear bombs were actually a thing where, when it hit the ground, it would like compress the thing.
I mean, I'm not an expert.
I'm just, what I've read is what I see, and what I've read is what I can tell you.
And this is the basic gist of it.
That you have to make uranium pure enough so that the
the chain reaction can occur.
And then you take that extremely pure weapons grade uranium and you put it inside of a beryllium sphere reflector and you put in all, pack in all kinds of explosives.
And then I guess that's it.
Just some manufacturing quirks to get done with and design quirks to decide what shape you want the missile.
And then it works.
That's how you, they basically tell you.
So what's crazy is that it's almost what they tell you on, on,
on Atlantic Week.
It's Washington Week.
It's really weird.
Or erase letters or words.
Today, the main use of the word obliterate is to describe what did or did not happen to the Fordow Underground Uranium Enrichment Plant 125 miles south of Tehran when it was bombed by the United States Air Force.
For reasons we will discuss tonight, President Trump believes it very important to claim that the operation against Iran's nuclear program was an unalloyed, absolute, complete victory requiring no follow-through.
The truth is, it's actually much too early to come to definitive conclusions about the damage done.
The thing is, you got to kind of remember that they have depleted uranium shells, and depleted uranium is really uranium that used to be pure, and then they made it less pure, as I understand it.
That was a program that we looked at the other day in the Wikipedia.
And so depleted uranium shells are capable of making liquid metal that can go through, you know, plate steel of tanks and things like that.
So even if you don't have an uncontrolled chain reaction where you get a flash of intense light and electromagnetic energy that can melt cities,
There's no doubt that this material could be a useful incendiary, a new useful energy releaser.
And if it released its energy over the course of five minutes or 10 minutes as a result of its, you know,
Incorporation into a weapon that wouldn't be too far-fetched to me, but it would be in no way shape or form Opening a black hole or ripping a portal in reality Like again, you know, they say about certain they used to say about nuclear weapons that it might make a black hole or some shit
Joining me tonight to discuss Trump, Netanyahu, Khamenei, and the true state of affairs in the Middle East post-attack are Shane Harris, who covers intelligence and national security for The Atlantic.
David Ignatius is a columnist at The Washington Post.
Andrea Mitchell is the chief Washington and foreign affairs correspondent for NBC News.
And Ashley Parker covers the White House for The Atlantic.
Thank you all very much for being with us tonight.
David, I want to turn to you first to give an overall assessment, but let's listen to Donald Trump talk about the attack Saturday.
The U.S.
military carried out massive precision strikes on... What did I get wrong, Leland?
Don't be afraid to put it in the chat to correct me, because I see you already are telling me that I got the...
U-238 wrong.
That's fine with me.
I'm not claiming to be an expert, but you know that I'm describing the cartoon basically correct.
I think.
For 25 years, the United States, Israel, Sunni Arab states, Europe, have been warning that it's untenable to allow the Iranian regime to have nuclear weapons.
They've been looking for ways to stop the program once and for all.
A lot of people are secretly happy and some openly happy that Donald Trump did what he did.
Is there a chance?
or a good chance that Donald Trump actually did the thing that for 25 years the West has wanted to see happen?
Sure he did.
Well, he attempted it, which is something in itself.
He actually went ahead and took the strike.
Ah, OK.
Thank you very much for the correction on depleted uranium.
So it's the shit that's left over after they enriched the 235 out, I guess.
That would be what it is.
OK.
That's fine.
I believe that.
whatever the final bomb damage assessment, it was an extraordinary use of military power halfway around the world, something that no other country could do or really even could think of doing.
So I think that's a first thing to say.
And it does send a message to the world about American power that will persist well beyond this strike.
The reason that it matters exactly what
the bomb damage was, is that that will condition what now follows.
If it was obliterated for years to come, that makes it easy for Trump because the Iranian nuclear program really is gone.
You don't have to worry about it.
See, the weird part about that is, is the program could, at some point there were like 2000 tons of weapons grade pure uranium on earth.
2000 tons.
Like that's a, that's a shitload.
And so the way that it's made, as far as I understand, is a pretty complicated, costly process where they're separating one isotope from another.
And the centrifuges are gas centrifuges, and they're not very high efficiency.
And so the question is, number one, how much enriched uranium did they have?
And number two, how much are they capable of making in X timeframe?
Because those are two completely different things.
If they have enough depleted, sorry, if they have enough enriched uranium in 17 different locations in Iran, under storage, ready to go whenever they need, then the centrifuges being destroyed don't matter at all once they have enough for like as many bombs as anybody would ever want.
America doesn't have to continually enrich uranium anymore because we took a bunch from the Russians.
We have so much from the time when we were doing it.
We don't know what to do with it all.
We had to convert some of it from the purest form to a lesser grade.
We had to go backwards in order to make the world safer.
So if they already have more than they will ever need, the
program doesn't need to exist anymore.
The program is irrelevant unless they're enriching it for other people, unless they're selling it to other people, unless they have more uranium than other people have and so it's not fair that they get to make so much.
Then it would be different.
follow-on negotiations.
You don't have to worry about removal of equipment.
You don't have to worry about a whole series of issues.
You don't have to think about how you enforce an agreement, because you don't need an agreement.
It's obliterated.
But if it's short of that, and the evidence is it is something short of totally obliterated, then a series of questions arise about how you'll make sure that Iran never gets that nuclear weapon.
will have much more desire to have one now after this war, even than it did before.
So that's why these questions matter.
And we're just at the beginning of this.
For Trump to treat this as a matter of semantics, and I must say, for some in the media to do the same, really misses the point.
This is about the future, how much destruction of the program happened.
Shane, maybe you can just walk through this for a minute.
Give us the granular look at the state of the Iranian nuclear program now, based on the initial battle damage assessment.
Yeah.
So it's important to keep two things in mind when talking about this.
There is the highly enriched uranium, which is the core ingredient that you need to create the weapon.
There is some question about whether those stockpiles have now been removed and secreted somewhere.
And then there are the centrifuges, which you need to enrich that uranium to its state where it can be a bomb.
So the places where Iran was enriching that we know are heavily damaged.
Forget, you know, obliterate, totally obliterate.
It's not binary.
Significant damage done to them.
Fordow was the one that buried underneath the mountain.
Maybe a little bit harder to tell.
Natanz is the other major facility.
The Israelis had been hitting that as well.
That's got more visible damage around it.
And the IAEA, the international inspectors,
a test
have sustained some serious damage.
The question now is, can Iran take that 408 kilograms, about nearly half a ton of highly enriched uranium, and get that into centrifuges?
Are those centrifuges up and running somewhere?
Are they stored somewhere where they could be put into use?
These are kind of the really next key tactical questions.
And so now we're talking about the different grades of enriched uranium, and it sounds like they didn't have any of the pure
weapons-grade uranium yet, or at least that's the story we're telling.
And that's a remarkable level of certainty to have.
It's a remarkable level of certainty to have.
And the Israelis in the United States will be watching that very closely to see if there's activity related to that.
But these key components in these facilities that the U.S.
and the Israelis have been striking have obviously been damaged and will create an impediment for some time.
How long it would take Israel to rebuild this is the thing that people are debating, right?
He said Israel.
Andrea, what's your assessment?
According to European intelligence, according to the IAEA and others, that some of it was moved to other locations, and not necessarily to Isfahan and Natanz, but to other undisclosed locations, which is one of the big issues.
What Iran has never explained is why it needed to enrich to 60 percent.
That is just below weapons grade.
It then has to go through several steps.
And that's why the breakout time was for a nuclear capability, but not a weapon, because they still have to turn this enriched uranium.
Are we really to believe that she has read in well enough to speak so expertly about the various stages of uranium enrichment?
Really?
uranium into small metallic pellets, if you will.
It then has to be weaponized and miniaturized into a warhead, unless it's going to be some sort of a dirty bomb.
So there were still other steps.
But it was not anything that they would have needed for a civilian program, which is what they claimed they needed.
And so they were vulnerable.
And the issue now is,
Is Israel going to go back in on whatever pretext if they feel that this has not been completely destroyed?
Well, the other question is, would Donald Trump go back in?
I mean, there is Trump.
These are not relevant questions, of course, but these are the questions that these people have been scripted to ask, and their answers are scripted as well.
There's possible solutions, possible directions are all scripted as well.
It's no possible way for any other explanation to be the case.
They are idiots.
There are a lot of idiots out there, but they are scripted idiots.
In fact, on June 13th, it was not at all predicted that he would go in when the Israelis first did.
There was considerable pressure from the Saudis and others in the Gulf not to do this on him.
and to try to come up with some other result.
And in fact, my own interpretation, and I defer to Ashley, who has covered him far longer and more intensively, is he saw the success of the Israeli operation, which was remarkable.
You know, the air defenses were gone, they went in, they developed air superiority, soon it became... And they assassinated most of the military leadership within the same hour frame.
Military and political leadership.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been Gigaohm Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were telling you that before they were killed.
And Suzanne Humphries was saying it at that time, but doesn't say it anymore.
And that's because she's a scripted traitor.
Just like Claire Craig is a scripted traitor who's very happy that NIH has finally decided to collect all the DNA from all the babies.
She's on this paper along with Norman Fenton and Tess Laurie and Robert Malone and Jessica Rose and Harvey Reich.
And freaking Steve Hatfield, because these people are all malevolent traitors to American kids to the West.
So is Denny Rancourt, the guy who hides the population pyramid.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooley.
If you want to support me, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to do so.
That's the way this works.
If you can't support, which is totally fine, I get it.
Please try to find a way to share my stream with some new people.
Send them an email.
Suggest that there's a guy with an alternative to the reality on television and on social media and send them to gigahomebiological.com because they'll find a way from there.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
It is only Tuesday tomorrow.
Wow, that's nuts.
It's so hot in here.
Whoa.
Yikes, it is warm in the studio today.
Be well, everybody.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
the condition and condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
The condition and condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
The condition and condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.